>> Jen Kramer: We had a lot of creativity
going on here in the classroom.
And I saw some really awesome stuff.
Nice job, Shawn on, on slack.
And so, what I'd like to do is we can
share a little bit what we have created.
And so, an easy way of doing
that is using code pen.
We went through code pen in
the internet fundamentals course.
But just to remind you how we can go about
setting this up and then sharing it.
I'm going to walk you through that now.
So the website you want
to go to is codepen.io.
And hopefully you've already
created an account here.
If you have created an account you'll be
able to share this with everybody else.
If you need to log in,
go on ahead and do so.
There should be a log in button
up there on the top somewhere.
I've already logged in, that's why you can
see me in the upper right-hand corner.
Then we're gonna go ahead and
click on Create.
And we're gonna say create a New Pen.
Create New Pen.
And this is gonna give you boxes for
HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
We don't need JavaScript so you can just
sort right off the screen, all right.
We just need the boxes for HTML and CSS.
Just click and
drag to get rid of the JavaScript box.
You can move around the division between
HTML and CSS just click and drag.
Now when we go back into
our visual studio code,
what we need to do is we
need to copy our HTML.
But, you do not need to copy all of
the HTML you only need to copy part of it.
And the part you need to copy is the part
right here inside of the body tags.
So from body to just before slash body,
not including the body tags but
what's inside the body.
That's what needs to go up on code pen.
So go on ahead and copy all of that.
>> Jen Kramer: Then we can go ahead and
put that on the code pen and HTML.
So my HTML is starting with
the line the h1 all about me.
Okay, and you should be back
to your usual ugly web page.
>> Jen Kramer: Right, then we're gonna
do exactly the same thing for our CSS.
And in case of our CSS, we just
copy the whole entire CSS document.
Copy the whole document.
Copy.
And then go ahead and
paste it here into your code pen.
And your styling should go on ahead and
pop up right here, on your webpage.
We're still making ugly web pages,
aren't we?
[LAUGH] We will get to pretty things.
Okay.
So this is kind of what I did here,
I changed some colors,
I'm pretty proud of my quote there.
>> Jen Kramer: Very nice, okay?
And so once you've got that, all that
stuff pasted up here on your code pen.
If you go on ahead and
click the save button up here
in the top right corner, okay?
Once you click the save button and
not before.
Once you click the save
button you now have a URL.
And that URL you can copy.
And you can share it right here in slack,
just like that.
Okay?
So everybody can see my fabulous web page.
So if anybody wants to
share what they have done,
I've showed you my page and
my fabulous styling.
I assume yours is kind of similar to that.
So if anybody wants to share, go on
ahead and post your link on up there and
slack and let's see what's happening.
Okay, Megan.
Yay, Megan.
So here's what Megan did.
>> Jen Kramer: Meghan's actually
got some design skills.
Hers is much prettier, okay?
So she's got some text
coloring going on there.
Ooh, she did some cool
stuff down here with tabs.
You must have gotten that code somewhere
off the internet, and copy and
pasted it in.
We will be talking about how to
take bulleted lists like this and
turn them into navigation bars,
that will be later in the course.
So you too will learn how to
do that kind of cool stuff.
It is a very nice background
color you have there Megan.
So that's fabulous.
Well done.
If other people want to share here.
So we got Lei.
Lei went ahead and shared.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay.
And so, she centered a bunch
of stuff here on the page.
Very nice.
She's playing around with line height and
the paragraphs.
You see here that the text isn't all
stacked on top of each other so tightly.
See how she's got some
nice breathing room here?
That's the line height property she's
applied to the paragraph style.
So she's got some good stuff
going on here, well done, Lei.
>> Jen Kramer: All right, here's John's.
>> Jen Kramer: All right, and so John has
played around with some font sizes here.
He made some nice dashed boarders
here around his around his headings.
Good stuff and
a different a different dash boarder
around the other heading here.
He's changed some, some links here.
So you see that he's turned
off some underlines for links.
Okay.
Cool, nice, well done John.
David there you are.
>> Speaker 2: One of my my changes I'm not
seeing right now the border I put around
the H2's.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay
>> Speaker 2: Not sure why,
but
>> Jen Kramer: That's interesting.
Okay, so Dave visited place puppy.
>> Speaker 2: That's a different puppy
than I have on mine, mine's cuter.
>> Jen Kramer: [LAUGH] So maybe if we
refresh, maybe we'll get a different one?
Let's try.
Nope.
No, no joy today.
Okay.
So
he's got kind of a busy background there,
doesn't he?
But it's a very cute puppy.
So what I would recommend here Dave,
is make your text white, so
we could actually read it.
[LAUGH] Yeah,
as you can see from this example and
I'm going to pick on Dave here just for
a second.
We are kind of making like mid
1990s web pages today, right?
This is what we did in the mid 1990s is
we put up these these background images,
they tile you see how they
tile going across the page and
they tile going down the page.
And you see that it can be very hard to
read text and it's hard to pick a good
text color in this situation because we
have a brown dog on a white background.
So if we pick white text,
it's going to wash out in a few spots,
if we pick black text,
it washes out in some other spots.
So one of the things that we often do
in this kind of situation where we
really want to have this
cute puppy everywhere.
But we still wanna be able to read our
text is we'll actually take this, and
we'll apply some opacity filtering to
it to make it a little bit transparent.
Or we'll wash out
the picture a little bit or
maybe blur it a little bit in
order to make it not quite so
overpowering as a background and
make our text a little bit more readable.
You can also see one of the things
that I did in my pen here.
>> Jen Kramer: So where I did
the same idea here with the cat.
So I have my words on the top or white.
Worked pretty well.
Underneath for my name,
what I actually did was assign
a background color for my text, and
that would be another approach here to get
your text to show up on top of the picture
here when you're not really sure what
the picture is gonna look like, okay?
Here we go.
Same idea, same kinda puppy.
Maybe it's cached on my computer.
Look at that.
[COUGH] So she's made use here of papyrus,
and this is probably a generic
cursive font, I would imagine.
This is what Macintoshes do when they
don't know what the font is, but
the generic is set to cursive.
I think it's Zapf Chancery or
something like that.
So we've got that going on here.
Very nice.
Very nice, all right so
well done everybody.
I'm so glad that you had fun doing
this and your code pens look great.
Are there any questions that came up
while you were working on that exercise?
Anything you wanna ask about?
Yeah?
>> Speaker 3: What if I want to make
the back down image like an image from
my own computer rather than from online?
>> Jen Kramer: An image from
your own computer, okay.
So if you wanted to do that, you’re gonna
need to do the same kinds of things that
we did yesterday with the image locally.
So you’ll make an images folder,
you’ll copy your image from wherever it
is on your computer into the images folder
that’s inside of the day two folder.
So everything,
this is a really important point.
As you start to gather up resource
to put together your website.
You want to make sure that you entire
website will be contained in that day
two folder.
So if we were going to add some images
here, we would want add an images folder.
And put any images that we want to use
inside of that images folder, okay?
And then you can use them as background
images using the correct path, or
whatever happens to be, makes sense?